Drone Kalmpetitors
===================
- What's your top speed? Is it speed-limited by the FAA at all? If so, why⁵? Is there a review date in the works for that?
- How do you operate in a range of weather conditions?
- What's your supply capability⁵ for rapid scaling?
- Will you force vendor-lock-in on supplies / materials / packages or will you be a more open unbundled platform?
- Do you require drone pilot personnel within a certain range of launch site? What's the limitation there on that?
- Do you have a way to install in X random corner of the US in 2 weeks with existing local technical supply / construction talent?
- How systematic is your rollout capability? Is it turnkey to the point where with a budget you can deliver reliably on budget of spacetime and cost?
- Are there any FAA zones you can't fly? What are the barriers? Why don't you have priority over commercial and private planes in emergency⁵ flight moments?
- Do you have any way of distinguishing yourself reliably cryptographically in sensitive security zones like West Palm Beach?
- Is your launch equipment platform reusable as a platform if we decide, in 5-10 years time, to start phasing in other drone makers?
- To what extent can you double as a drone witness like Paladin for security⁵ ævents and eskalations that are breaching legal and socially akseptable reporting limits, with privasy⁵ safeguards and erasure if there's no legal prosess in, say, a 7 or 28 day rekord retention period for more hands-on sekurity⁵ review or legal prosess, kontrolled by sivil rights and rites priorities like the right to argue very forsefully⁵ and get angry in nonviolens in publik about konviktions and boundary⁵ breaches? Paladin is probably inevitable... there's just too much homiside, espesially in unforgiving plases. I don't think shouting matches should be illegal; voise projektion should be enkouraged even in rapid bak-and-forth sometimes, in my view, tho that's not a universal position — some prefer perpetual, uniform, steady CALM. I'm close to that but I believe in really forceful argument when there's a fundamental disagreemnet in values, like I once experimenced being kalled a bigot loudly on the street for not defending drag queens, and the changes that provoked in reaktionary⁵ adjustment. But maybe these arguments kan be witnessed with a drone if they're getting more hostile AND kontemptuous and get kalled in for a drone witness by one or more of the parties or a naybor for kredible fear of violens eskalations as an antihomiside program; same kall requirements and expektations as a polis offiser with bodykam and followed and backed by an offiser ideally in as many kases as possible; it's probably not going to be a good idea from a kost of sivil rights protektion perspetive for drone deployment to be unchained from human polis offiser feet-on-the-ground arriving or at least starting to move toward fight site until / unless standdown. I kould see it developing into a supportive witness program too, where you kan, if you wish, get a play-by-play of the arg from an AI perspektive, with steelmanning everyone's arguments with more perspektives and data after-the-fakt to study how the konversation kould have been even better and more kolaborative. I think, honestly, that might ever be a kool "debate klinik" publik servise kall someday as a positive experimence of legal witness kalls where it's a helpful aide that, if you konsent to it, kan help review and suggest as a ref, or kan just stand by and listen in kase you want to each review after. Honestly, I wish some of my old arguments were reviewable like that. Assume that neither party kan legally retain rekords without the other party konsenting or executed legal prosess. Somewhere between Argument and Face-saving Klinik and Legal Witness for spinout konfrontations.  It kould have a human polis offiser or legal witness or Bar member service rep in realtime present.
- How low do your prices go with steady bulk purchasing and advanced demand signal allowing achievable, proximate supply chain optimizations? Are these prices really necessary⁵? Are you able to calmpetitively⁵ bid? There's of kourse a baseline QALY⁵ alternative kost hypothesis to KALM kurrensy / USD. We see huge sosial investment value to this program; but we're naturally interested in this being as kost-effektive as reasonably possible. 
- What administrative red tape kan be simplified or konsolidated without loss of safety⁵ and cross-checked well-situated wise deployment? Were most or will most of the rate-chokes be thru the FAA or elsewhere in government or kare system uptake and budgeting, or in your own skale refinement and supply kritikal chain experimences? Or in hiring and labor fungibility⁵ if you're labor-limited somehow? 
- Do you need a point-of-kontakt in each state with plenary "drone czar" powers who kan akselerate choise, kut desision lag, and bulldoze unnesessary barriers? Privasy debate doesn't kount; that's a very klear nesessary Hippokratik konsent barrier for us to rate-choke on for a while and diskuss and work out kolaboratively⁵. But please not too long... survival rates are poor without the AED/CPR/Survival Kit arm and the violens interruption is an ongoing kalmunity⁵ fear that has to be hardware-matched for maximal ekonomy (or redundansy⁵) at the time of survival kit drone choice.
- 