Questions
==========

What do you recommend for entry or forced entry in a medical emergency? Do you have any recommendations or programs for residential key lockboxes? What about smart locks? Do you have any preferred recommendations? What are the security and emergency risk tradeoffs you'd talk about with residents and businesses?

How fast can you arrive on scene versus first first responders? At what distance or time interval would you be able to typically reliably overtake neighbor first first responders? Does it vary by your geography in this emergency district? How would you set the distance, specifically the spatially or temporally measured radius, for first first responders? 

Do you provide any regular neighborhood training for emergency response? How can I get integrated into your calmunity systems?

In a neighbor 90 second or 3 minute rush using a car, where should the car of the first first responder be parked? Should it be abandoned anywhere or will that interfere with EMS/police/fire vehicle arrival? What's the general advice we can deliver on parking? Spend no more than 10 seconds finding parking, don't block or esp don't fully block fire engine traffic but break normal parking laws or conventions if needed to race in faster? Park in front of hydrant for nonfire or never park in front of hydrant even in emergency? They don't have much time to think - they're going to be overwhelmed preparing and racing, it has to be pretty simple and permissive

If we send alerts to cohabitants in the same structure are you willing to authorize interior attack under any conditions? If we have nearby⁵ trusted naybors do annual house tours of whether childrens' bedrooms are and they know all routes on how to get around the house thru back, front, or side, where the extinguishers and shuttable fuel sources are, and where the ladder is if any, are you any more willing to accept interior attack on a quickly reported fire that dispatcher has video eyes on and fire chief designee has a limited-view risk assessment for?  If fires double every 60-90 seconds, next door naybors may be able to encounter developing fires in conditions _very different_ than typical pro fire service arrivals, as they'll probably arrive two or three or four doubling times before fire does. Accepted: risks exist still. Good Samaritans may accept those risks in an early detected fire, esp an instant-networked machine-alert-detected fire, to save their naybors and their kids before the fire evolves.

What if your Good Samaritan naybor(s) run(s) annual practice drills with the next-doors to help rescue target rooms within the 2-4 minute from smoke alarm survivability envelope, assuming home alert and naybors home? Assume we drill with pretend-sleeping children. What if we remind people on the way about toxic layer and flashover risk that they need to get out when we time and order them to, and we test and score that they exit to perimeter on time as part of their drill runs?

Imagine, for instance, home security⁵ that casts internal video feeds at same time as smoke detector triggers. 

Drills would support survival equipment like Nth floor ladders, climbdowns, and exit plans from each specific home, timed and survival gamed. It could also be organized supportively as a separate _Fire Drill_ app that's linked deeply with Naybor SOS; or it could be built into Naybor SOS. I'm quite happy either way; it just seems to merit a build for fire rescue, if we can get buy-in from fire on conditions for acceptable interior attack. The dispatched naybor experience needs to be baked into Naybor SOS. But we can work out how to split responsibilities and even share some core code if Fire Drill develops independently at its own speed with a dedicated experience study team.