Questions for Your Household?
- Do you want unknown strangers to enter or break into your home in the event of a medical emergency where you're unresponsive and aren't at ready to answer and open the door?
- Do you want known µcalmunity to be able to break and enter in a medical emergency?
- If you want 911 or Neighbor 911™ one day to authorize access to your home in a medical emergency, what systems do you have or want to put into place to make entry feasible without obligating responders to damage property to get in or fail in their mission to save your life?
- Do you want to buy a smartlock or other lock or garage or front door access feature that can allow one-time 911 call-supervised entry? 
- Do you want to put a sign or a more advanced NFC tag or home QR code with information and instructions on property emergency response?
- Do we want to buy devices like easy-to-charge, slow-to-powerdown smartwatches or bed consent conflict quiet alarm buttons that can interoperate with a infrastructure service like Neighbor 911™?
- What devices do we own that could interoperate with Neighbor 911™ and how do we tell those makers that we want them to develop neighborhood features and connect emergencies sensed by their devices to an open-source shared alert infrastructure?
- Do we want to plan and prep a Neighborhood Emergency Party to gather and make µcalmunity hyperlocally? Do we want to recognize and be acquainted with our 10 or 25 or 50 closest neighboring households? What fits within our harmless home, household, and hearth's hopeful Dunbar number and layers? 
- Where can be get training this instant to become more helpful and competent at emergency response for ourselves and our neighbors? Are we all CPR or AED trained? 
- Where's the nearest AED in our neighborhood? Can the fire or police department send us an AED superquick to a sufferer emergency droppoint by drone much faster than ambulance or fire truck arrival? Do we want to pool resources as a neighborhood and buy an AED that one of us in our calmunity can hold nearby? Can we get secure access to that AED at any time of day or night 24/7/365.24 when another neighbor in our µcalmunity or in a nearby rushable µcalmunity suffers an emergency and needs defibrillation? Are we ok with the roundtrip time to all those buying in to the AED device purchase pool? Does everyone understand the level of AED availability and service they're chipping into? How do we organize the fundraising... door to door accepting checks for minimal cost loss? GoFundMe with significant transaction cost loss? There are questions you need to work through if you want to buy an AED or other Neighbor 911™ supplies for your µcalmunity. 
- Which of our household members can be relied on to respond to different types of emergencies, and how calmfortable and calm are we with responding to a suicide distress call or a bedroom consent conflict or a violence interrupter risk deescalation incident in our neighborhood? Do we want to serve as witnesses when called for stuff that happens in our µcalmunity? Are we radically courageous, do we go above and beyond on courage, or are we have baseline courage, and what do those mean?
- If we form a WhatsApp group or other calmunications channel with our immediate µcalmunity, how do we make it alarm on message transmission for everyone on the channel and enforce the emergency nature of that calmunications channel and prevent it from turning into a ordinary chat group with noise or non-emergency-related content? How do we with existing calmunications carry a supereffective emergency calmunications channel? Are there immediately ready substitutes to Neighbor 911™ we can patch together before Neighbor 911™ gets minimally or fully built?
- If we own a pool, do we want to look into investing into a AI camera monitor to sense risk of drownings? It's not very cheap yet but it can save a wandering child's or swimming untrained adolescent's or adult's life. (And of course, invest in swimming lessons if not done yet. No one in the US ambulatory at or above preschool and kindergarten should be unable to rescue swim.)
- Is there any role we want to play in volunteering to help pilot or "stand up" Neighbor 911™ locally or regionally more effectively or rapidly? Do we have any special skills we can contribute to improve any part of this design or make this calmunity design succeed?
- How much is the right amount for us to ask for in recompense for being troubled by our nearby and more distant neighbors in our µcalmunity and responding to their distress calls? Is $18 USD or $36 USD equivalent for harder cases the right amount for this lifesaving service? Would we jump in to help for free out of civigious or religious duty? Should we be gifted or paid to sustain the movement for years to come?
- Do we want to go public pushing those elected or serving in our calmunities to get this Neighbor 911™ service into place?
- To what extent do we want to spread the word of Neighbor 911™ and what messages here do we want to help tell our calmunities about?